---
layout: post
title: "Chungus the Great Backstory"
date: 2018-07-17
excerpt: "They Call Him the Great..."
tags: [Chungus, , Schaft, Whortlekrungus, Paladin]
comments: true
---

Chungus the great grew up in a not so great way. Chungus grew up roaming the outskirts of Lake Esmull, as no town would accept his kind. At the young age of five, while visiting a village inhabited by Ashleaves, his parents were brutally murdered in front of his four eyes. A group of orcs ripped his parents limb from limb and then impaled their corpses on wooden stakes. Because of this Chungus was forced to grow up on the streets. While on the streets Chungus learned the traits that truly made him great. He spent his efforts as a child learning to trick mentally incapable orcs out of their gold as his way of getting back at their dirty race for slaughtering his family.  When swindling these moronic orcs, they would often not have gold to pay him with and would instead pay him in Whortlekrungus. Chungus began experimenting with the strange herb. While in an altered state of being he encountered a strange elf man deep in the woods. This creepy elf taught him of the power held in mushrooms, and how to harvest their magic power. The creepy old man offered to teach him magic in exchange for his friendship.(think of the old guy from family guy).

Every day Chungus and Cylus would eat the magic mushrooms and trip the fuck out. While in this other dimension the two of them would practice magic. Cylus would often use his mage hand to tickle the young Chungus. After many years of putting up with Cylus’ creepy advances Chungus had enough and snapped. Chungus was not able to control his own magical abilities and eviscerated him. The surge of power that Chungus felt sent him into a blood rage. During this rage he went back to the Ashleave clan and slaughtered several orc families and stole their children to raise in his child army. After coming down from his mushroom induced rage he realized what he had done and decided to hide out in a cave near Lake Esmull. Unfortunately for Chungus, the orc children were not willing to be used in his child slave army and he was forced to drown them in the marsh. After spending several years hiding in his cave he decided to go out into the world again. Chungus began using his magic in shows in towns and villages around Lake Esmull. There he would take advantage of the weak minded for his own gain. Chungus began to be well known in the local towns as a great and magnificent wizard. Chungus’ hatred for the orc people had shrunk over the years but he was still cautious of their people.
